morning how are you day here and I'm
back again with star citizen now we're
looking at the freelancer as you can see
love the ship so now it's so cool I
seriously cannot wait to get out and fly
this it's mostly out of all the ships
and mostly I can't wait to fly in this
video I'm just going to briefly talk you
know we're going to briefly walk around
and look at some of the cool points i
like about i'm not going to go to all
the specifications and look at all the
details I could do it forever I could
just look at cool things within the ship
I'm just going to talk about what the
main thing i think the ship's going to
be best at and then from there we could
talk about what it what it's designed
for let's dig this cool right in here so
as you can see it's got a couple really
cool different guns on each side I
really like the placement I like how
they design it it's very they just look
good details amazing but if you go under
we'll look at the wing here I really
like this system it's got its got a
rocket system now these look like
obviously these look like some sort of
free fire rockets and this is a like a
homing or heat-seeking now I what I
really liked as I was reading about the
system is that once you fire these
they're gone there's no cooldown reload
time or none of that this these are an
actual form of currency in star citizen
universe so you'll have to either carry
them on your ship extras which will take
up cargo or you're going to have to go
and rearm yourself at different points
like landing points asteroids space
stations Lana it's that sort of thing so
that's going to add a much different it
gives me a much different perspective on
this ship its those our last resort kind
of things I'm not going to be trying to
hunt people with this and shoot those
because after you shoot those that's all
you really have you have to otherwise
you have this these guns which they look
cool but you're still gonna have to fly
this massive
beast and try to find a dog fighting
this is what I'm getting at is yeah not
a chance especially going up against
some of those fighters now let's just
quickly go inside and have a little talk
here first thing as most people you know
when I first saw this I I thought oh
great cargo ship that would be so fun
you know we can load cargo with a couple
buddies and we can do some cargo running
and yeah this I mean this is the only
ship with this tailgate oh absolutely
it's a cargo runner i I'm really curious
to see how they're going to implement
this I mean considering now all he said
all they say is that once you enter a
planet it's going to be a cinematic
cutscene and then you're just on the
ground well what's the point of this
there has to be some sort of loading
system I would think that you either you
pay somebody or you do it physically
loading it in here because otherwise
what would be the advantage to this
going back to you know defensive
capabilities it's got a cool double
turret here which we could get in that
won't do anything yet but this isn't a
this isn't a dog fighter and everyone
knows that this is a pretty much a cargo
hauler but what I think it is will do
the best is long is exploration or
long-range scouting that sort of thing
anything that's far and with speed and
i'll tell you why these thrusters one
it's made the main point obviously is
speed these things have class 52
thrusters on them this is the same they
have two classes I've structures
thrusters sorry that's the same as the
Hornet now this thing when you compared
to the bigger ships this thing will haul
ass now we don't know but I assume
depending on what you have loaded will
change like say if I have the full 20
tons which is cargo whole to hold I have
that full
you think maybe the mass would be higher
and it would be slower well I haven't
found anything yet on that if anyone can
correct me in the comments that be great
but just outfitting this it has 10
different ways you can 10 different
hardpoints I should say of updating the
soap I can see this being much better
suited as a stealth fast exploration
ship that's very maneuverable that's the
next point look at all these thrusters
it has 8 maneuverability thrusters on it
to hear like they're everywhere this
thing is I think I think these are
reverse I assume just the fact that it's
you know it's got these maneuverability
thrusters it's got giant thrusters
long-range exploration is what I think
this will be great for and that's what
I'll probably try to use it for
secondary as a hauling you know cargo
running but to put into perspective and
why I realize this is because the
Starfarer has to class 5s and a class 6
s3 but look at the difference in size so
it's all got one more engine thruster
than this look at the size difference on
what you're carrying so this will be
where it's at this is your bread and
butter moneymaker and exploration ship
thanks for watching my video please
please comment and subscribe and like
the video I'm just starting on I really
love doing this as always I'm day and
I'll be back thank you